look at this all those years in the big
city we finally got out we're living the
dream
maybe there's a dream then everything
just blew up big flash like a pink light
or actually I don't even know what color
it was it wasn't like any color I'd ever
seen before looks like a meteorite
it's radioactive I mean is from space
right meteorites a Germany no more
dangerous than ordinary locks okay so do
that they just disappear
did you plant those no wart for a sec
who's talking to you is in the static
it's in the moisture sin here is out
there
what's out there is in here now
everything's under control
so in Daniel do you from the meteorite
changes everything around it
[Music]
just color you believe me now I don't
know why I believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay